# SEQOKG
Scalable Extraction and Querying of Knowledge Graphs

Knowledge Graphs are already playing a crucial role in many Artificial Intelligence (AI) applications. Many knowledge graphs have been developed so far from different types of data. However, constructing knowledge graphs from unstructured text remains a challenge as it can be very noisy and ambiguous. Consequently, many approaches have been proposed to convert unstructured data into a structured format to enable the creation of knowledge graphs from it. Despite these developments, the automated construction of knowledge graphs from unstructured text remains an expensive technical challenge because of the increasing scale of data. Scalable solution is hence important to extract a wealth of information from scholarly articles published every year and information available on the Web like Wikipedia articles.
This project presents an end-to-end, scalable system for automatically extracting knowledge graphs from unstructured text. The uniqueness of the proposed architecture lies in a) its scalable solution for extracting information from unstructured text and its deployment on the cloud to scale resources freely, b) leveraging scalable, high-performance and distributed graph processing platform provided by Apache Spark GraphFrames to construct large-scale knowledge graphs. A simple query language is presented to enable efficient querying of knowledge from unstructured text using GraphFrames API. The experiments show that the system takes only one-third of the time taken by the non-scalable benchmark system for a large-scale dataset of unstructured text. In addition, the experiments prove the system performance to be highly consistent. An application of the produced knowledge graph (KG) for question answering from unstructured text is presented to show how it can be used for information extraction and relationship discovery between entities.
